add support for TLS 1.3 OCSP multi-stapling for server certs (#20945)
openssl/openssl: CHANGES.md

   *Watson Ladd*

 * Added support for TLS 1.3 OCSP multi-stapling for server certs.
   New `s_client` options `-ocsp_check_leaf` and `-ocsp_check_all` require checking
   the status of the leaf (server) certificate or of all certificates in the chain.

>    New `s_server` options `-status_server_only` to send only OCSP status information
>    for the leaf (server) certificate (also in the case of TLS 1.3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   New `s_server` option `-status_all` to provide OCSP status information
   for the whole server certificate chain (multi-stapling) for TLS 1.3 and beyond.
```

   The new `-no_signing_time` option of the `cms` command enables this flag.

   *Juhász Péter*

 * Added support for TLS 1.3 OCSP multi-stapling for server certs.
     * new `s_client` options:
       * `-ocsp_check_leaf`: Checks the status of the leaf (server) certificate.
       * `-ocsp_check_all`: Verifies the status of all certificates in the server chain.
     * new `s_server` option:
       * `-status_all` Provides OCSP status information for the entire server certificate chain (multi-stapling) for TLS 1.3 and later.

>      * Improved `-status_file` can now be given multiple times to provide

Reviewer: `-status_file` ->
`-status_file` option
